Add note about libatomic to documentation (#4410)
emscripten-forge/recipes: docs/development/local_builds.md

pixi run build-emscripten-wasm32-pkg recipes/recipes_emscripten/regex
```

!!! note

>     When using [Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/) (WSL), some local builds might fail due to `libatomic` not be available. For cases like this, developers are required a full Linux machine like a virtual machine or cloud server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When using [Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/) (WSL), some local builds might fail due to `libatomic` not being available. For cases like this, developers are required to use a full Linux machine such as a virtual machine or cloud server.
```
